Update metricflow-cli.md (#3966)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/metricflow-cli.md

```bash
mf query --metrics <metric_name> --group-by <dimension_name>

Options:

  --metrics SEQUENCE       Metrics to query for: syntax is --metrics bookings
                           or for multiple metrics --metrics bookings, messages.

  --group-by SEQUENCE      Dimensions and/or entities to group by: syntax is
                           --group-by ds or for multiple group bys --group-by
                           ds, org.

  --end-time TEXT          Optional iso8601 timestamp to constraint the end
                           time of the data (inclusive)

  --start-time TEXT        Optional iso8601 timestamp to constraint the start
                           time of the data (inclusive)

  --where TEXT             SQL-like where statement provided as a string. For
                           example: --where "revenue > 100"

>                            To add a dimension filter to a where filter, you have to indicate that the filter item is part of your model.                            Reference the dimension using the following template wrapper: {{ Dimension(‘model_name1__model_name2’) }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                           To add a dimension filter to a where filter, you have to indicate that the filter item is part of your model.                            Reference the dimension using the following template wrapper: {{ Dimension(‘primary_entity__dimension_name’) }}
```
